Bugünkü bölümde, dinamik güçün sembolü
Robert düşüncesine göre;
"güç içerden başlar"
Kim olduğunun farkında isen,
İyi olmanın dışında bir şeyi ne kadar iyi yaptığının farkında iseniz
Basit içgüdülerimizin desteğiyle kendimizle ilgili bir çok stratejik ataklar yapabiliriz.
diğer insanları da motive ederek anlama kabiliyetinin artmasına teşvik eden
başarının anahtarıdır ve kelimeler seni aldatmak için kullanılır
to disguise what people are really
thinking I have never
arada bir  kendi fikrimi ifade etmeli , kesinlikle haklısın.
Sunucuyla bilinmezliği aralama vakti, Tom bill
amerikada ve su an evrensel ilkeleri kapsayan
başarısını sizlere ilan ediyorum.
Farklı arayışı içinde
Herkese merhaba,başka bir yüzünü değerlendirdiğimizde,bireyin ihtiyacı olan cimlastik düşünebilmesi
kişisel gücünüzün olduğunu söylüyorsanız ben sizin için bugünün konuğu duyuyorum
O, tabiriyle güç dinamiklerinin  dedesi
ve yanlışımı düzeltin, çok satanlar serisinden gelen liderliğin 48 kuralı kitabı,
33 stratejide savaş kitabı ve yine onun yeni çıkan kiyabı "Ustalık"
Robert Green  sizlerle..!!
Beni gerçekten sevindirdiniz.En çok sorulan
Benim için, çünkü okuduklarım kitaplar hakkında  sizin de bu konuda bir alıntı var
bu kitaba kişisel olarak bir katkım olmustur ama
basitçe kişilerinde daha fazla okumalarındaki
sebeplerden biride profesyonel eğitim almış olmak, ilgilenmelerine yol açtığıdır.
Hayatınızın geri kalanında size yardımcı olacak, ilerisi yaşamınızda da çok iyi bir pozisyonda tutacak
kolejdeyken
insanlar için bir araya getirerek
it
üzerimdeki etkiyi netleştirdiğimde , Kitapla ilgili düşüncelerimin kimin için önemli olduğunu
onlar sevmiyorum bir işte kayıp
ne olursa olsun ve ustalık için kendi yolunu bulmayı
kitabında bize de yer verdiğini listede gösterdi
utterly phenomenal just wanna mobile
just on the bus
on that it's all theme but this why want
to be on the show today so we talk with
him although I have high hopes for your
new book
on earth to me yes sure pressure on
human nature guys you
may not have heard it here first but
he's working on a new book on human
nature check now be more excited about
if you've read all his books you'll see
that there's one themes guy clearly has
to have just a deep understanding of
people how they work
so anyway with out for their do you
books also around
power if you could just a fine power for
us
well the many ways to do that but I like
to look at it this way
most love things that happen in like you
have no control over
you don't control your parents where
you're born when you were born what your
really what schools you do anything like
that and then be on that
those things happen to you and and so
the way I look at it maybe 95 96 percent
of what happens in like you have no
control over
it's just 30 hanging coming at you but
you have a little margin of control
and power is the ability to increase
that tiny little margin to
four five six percent and how do you
increase that margin
have control over circumstances over
people well the the just a bit is
self-mastery power begins from within
if you're aware of who you are if you're
aware of what you're good at what you're
not good at
if you're able to see hola motions kinda
govern your life
if you can learn what your weaknesses
are and how to control them you can't
slowly through this process of knowing
who you are
and understanding other people and how
they operate so you don't make stupid
mistakes in life
you can increase that little tiny margin
more more more and you will be a
personal power
so law number one in the 48 laws of
power
is called never outshine the master an
almost
every single person in the world is has
violated that law
myself included
basically how it works you're so
eager to impress your boss or whomever
in your new job
that you try so hard that you make him
or her field in secure
like maybe your younger and better than
they are and because %uh that you're
fired
or something that happens to you and you
never know why
that comes from being fired having any
idea what happened to you
so that kinda little bits and knowledge
adding up with this
awareness of who you are and how other
people operate you're gonna slowly came
a little bit more that margin can be a
personal power
I'm read that stat from you before that
95 96 percent
above the world is out of our control it
that took my breath away
I didn't want to believe it but as you
start going through the things you
yeah on so if we embrace and if we
embrace that the most important thing we
can do is control ourselves I think the
bench is a quote about that right
yeah I think it's something to the
effect that mastery big is
is very powerful especially coming from
somebody is accomplished as him so
how what are the steps you talk a lot
about self-awareness
you pointing out that the point love
self-awareness is to get
to shut down that internal monologue
that you have about yourself
so that you can focus on what that
person is thinking and feeling about use
the you can be more strategic
none walk us through the exam be given a
book about benjamin Franklin
and how he is that so profoundly yes
that the chapter in
mastery on social intelligence which is
basically the subjective my next book
and and the ideas that were social
but if you're bad with people it doesn't
mean anything you can
completely neutralize your talent to
your skill or anything that you learned
in life
so benjamin Franklin was someone who is
extremely ambitious he was very young
and very talented and
very precocious he was a great writer at
the age of 14 and 15 is already
publishing himself
he he was just a a mad genius
but he was terrible with people he
on irritated his brother who he was
working for
and sort have deceived him about these
letters he was writing to the newspaper
in
tricking him into silence do good yes
use tricking his brother
into publishing his own letters
under a pseudonym because brother I was
too young to write for the newspaper
confess it to his brother he confessed
it thinking that his brother would be
proud
I'll benjamin has written these are
amazing letter supposedly written by an
had basically mimicked the voice above
an older woman it was amazing
have been proud of them
thinking that people would be impressed
would like him because he was so smart
young and instead they were really
offended by what he did
the ability to understand what motivates
would incentivize as the other person
is like the key to success in life you
know because if you know
what it is that you're looking for what
you Tom are looking for in this moment
and I can give it to you I have
come credible power over you right to
benjamin Franklin says I'm gonna stop
this
pattern being inside my head thinking
only have myself and my own ideas and
when I think ur
my great dreams I'm in the shot that
monologue of
and I'm gonna listen Amanda immerse
myself
in other people and figure them out he
was a great
tinkerer an inventor and see it a
scientific mind
and all he did was he said I'm going to
apply that side
science to people and it was is
with completely changed his life around
I know you've worked a lot with
the internal monologue I know the EU's
Zen meditation
is that partly why to quiet that
monologue or are there other reasons
that you using
San it was it's probably the main reason
a.m. I was about to write mastery
open it took this item and writing a
book for me is almost like
doing 15 rounds with Mohammed
I these books like kill me and
my digestive tract is ruined I'm
exhausted I can't sleep
the house kill me because the the
intensity of them
trying to the park process and so I'm on
each
if I don't do something about it mastery
will literally kill me
so I decided I'm gonna take that
meditation among other things
and on I found the benefits were
I can pack in quiet my mind I can set
myself up for the rest of the day
creative energies in me that I didn't
even know I had
arm and in in doing so it's not only
that it's already encountered to find
interesting connections
I'm do you think meditation is allowing
you to make more interesting connections
because the
creativity that's not my own but that I
use a lot
in mastery and basically the idea is
that
ideas are generated in the unconscious
they're not generated consciously your
conscious mind
is very limited what you can hold in
your memory
but unconsciously in your subconscious
when you're asleep when you're dreaming
the mind is filled with thousands upon
thousands of ideas and things that are
there that are lingering there
and connections are being made all the
time
and occasionally those connections float
up to your conscious mind
and you have an a brilliant idea about
how to do something
will when you're meditating you're
almost like in a dream state
your associating and really free manner
upbeat even a meditation and I do it for
close to an hour
in the morning it very intense I'm
your a.m. memories from childhood
that I've completely forgotten about
smells
when you're able to steal your mind you
freeing up all that kind of
unconscious stuff that's there and
connections are happening and much
faster way and I had to sum up the best
ideas when I was meditating
as everyone is experience when you're
sometimes when you're showering
you have a great idea because you're not
thinking about anything and they just
come to you
I know people expect me to be the guy
hiding in the quotes love that but in
reality
I would much rather be myself on you
to me are like that right reading your
books a specially the 48 laws of power
which is so
consciously aware love um
how about this it looks subjectively a
power struggle's it makes no judgment
about whether they're good or bad but
and in not making a judgment
stand so far outside of the norm has
normally people like who
going for powers a key new outlook it's
a reality people doing it
I so meeting you hand seeing like
a normal guys got hopes and dreams and
passions and is pursuing nominees doings
and meditation
it's not really what people expect do
you get that a lot yeah I do that I love
the trolls the cock what I think about
it all the time because basically what
he was saying is
people expect to meet charles degaulle
right and I'm not charles degaulle
Charles the calls the name
when I'm in the public so I've learned
people don't expect me to be.
who I am 18 for Smith 50 side but a book
with 50 cent
II on he expected me to be this kinda
older guy with gray hair who was just
like emanating power
I'm not that and I was expecting a.m.
this
mean thug who is going to make me
shiver when I was in front he's not like
that at all either
um so you know you're not that image
that people expect
in and sometimes you have to play that
image so when I go do interviews on
television or something I have to become
Robert Green
but really I prefer just being who I am
here today in revealing the fact that I
am kind of a normal person
you know and I do meditate and I have
you know all sorts of weird habits and
stuff right now you um
you attack things from weird in unique
angles that I think makes your writing
really sticky with people and is why I'm
so eager for you to write about him in a
church that had to be from an angle
on that other people just aren't are
able to capture and I may be totally
misreading abut in reading the 48 laws
of power in reading the 50th law
arm it feels very different
even though clearly about power it feels
very different from the power that you
and and I'll go back to benjamin
Franklin for a second and you associate
him with
to people
don't be don't sympathize with people
you know they're doing well as me don't
get on your knees and well as me with
them
but offer the member the in
understanding and help them back in and
there's a very sorta like beautiful
thing to that so they feel like
different angles
I'm power like to you are they one in
the same or are they really different
II future say it's a very interesting
question so the 48 laws of power
a was really about the kinda the
political games that we've all witnessed
we've ever ever worked in an office I i
have the statistic I say about 10 to 10
people
are like great manipulators and there's
just takes one person
and they can ruin your life and there's
always somebody like that
so the 48 laws the powers about that
game that people are playing and how to
be aware that
and not get trapped in in getting
emotional and not being so naive
and so there's not a lot of empathy in
that book because I really wanna
open your eyes I was a naive person when
I entered Hollywood
which was the main inspiration for the
48 Laws I was just the stupid kid
that had no idea how machiavellian
Hollywood
and soul the book isn't form for people
like me
so there's not a lot of empathy because
I'm trying to say look I'm shaking you
up
don't be so stupid and naive when the
doors are closed this is what the power
people are doing in you need to be aware
of it but
the empathy is a really important
quality its really important quality its
it's a huge
subject in my notebook and it played a
very big role and masteries also played
a role in about the art of seduction
on but essentially
on a high level not just understand the
political games in the manipulation but
really understand them on a deep level
so that you can influence them
cetera you have to be able to get inside
their skin
with this talent for getting inside the
minds of other people
its it's something that you don't even
do not even aware autistic people are
aware up because they don't possess this
power and they see
other humans doing it is basically the
idea that I can actually sit here and
imagine
for
10 15 20 minutes I can actually maybe
get inside your mind a little
and we possess this like
and animal quality but we don't know how
to use it
we don't practice it it's like a muscle
that never is being you alright them
right now is the time
how do we help these guys aren't easy
because I think you are onto the secret
to the universe
yeah and I am my partners and I break
the company into three things so there's
and product I did the people this is
what I do
like this is all I focus on is trying to
get better at protecting myself into
their mind thinking the way that they
think
and in this company the goal being to
help them
achieve whatever goal they have on
how to what enter the using that skill
to make their own
dreams come true well i wish i had my
next book
written because it the netbook iru the
law love the secret you want to hang out
for a few minutes yeah I think so
give me in the year and a half yeah I'm
hasten but I'm not have a single
in you walking in lot around in life I'm
not critical because I'm the same
soren sleepwalking you're inside hearing
your own thoughts
day in day out like a continually you
know
circling loop in your head and you're
not aware the fact
that if you stop that and you look at
other people
what's the first component on that world
non-verbal communication ninety-five
percent
what really matters been in
communication between people
is not through words words are used to
deceive you
to disguise what people are really
thinking but in people's body language
in their face I are you even aware that
there's a difference between a real
smile
in a fake smile you probably are but how
do you recognize a fake smile
most to the smiles that people have her
fake
the the eyes don't go up the cheek bones
aren't prominent
lips don't go up recognizing a fake
smile from a real smart already you
understand if someone is really enjoying
you or if they're just pretending
you can't get that from their words you
can get it from their body language
their gestures from the tone love their
voice
whether it goes upper down at the end of
a sentence the whole world from
non-verbal communication
you were in France born there and you
didn't and you couldn't speak French
you can learn that language the other
aspect is understanding what really
motivates people
what really is the key you're thinking
that they have the same values
completely different place
how do you sit there and by talking to
them
and understanding them in watching and
observing them how can you get a feel
for the different culture that they come
from and the different set of values
there are things that you can learn by
talking
and observing people particularly over
time
YouTube all have the experience if
you're in a relationship I've been in a
relationship for a car I don't even
wanna say
eighteen years you know when you been
with someone for eighteen years that who
they were
when you first met the man who you know
now they're not there's not the same
you reach the level of understanding
that's pretty profound you don't even
have to
think about it you know what they're
thinking rate
you can get that with people over time
if you're paying attention in your
intense
in three months interaction here at
the quest office observing your gonna
deepen your knowledge of someone that
when you first met them you had no idea
but the main idea is there's that
knowledge is a
is available and you're not using it cuz
you're not aware
this this the secret language it's going
on priceless is getting to the top
3500 or so I love the millions of things
that we can do to help them
I so in your book massery you break
things down
in and some other really interesting
power struggle dynamics that you've
you bring into the book I as to how to
orchestrate a mentor to not send the
master things like that to make sure
that you're able to get the tutelage
but then you also go into the
nitty-gritty have actually acquiring a
skill in the 10,000 our principle as a
so applying that to emotional
intelligence and
and simply reading other people water
water just
a step or two that they can take down
that path starting today
well I mean the first thing to
understand
on is the most important and that it is
a skill
so if you wanna play the piano
you can just sit down and suddenly play
you've got a practice that you better
practice it every day to practice in our
day
you're going to get better at it okay
dealing with people
is a skill and we don't like to think of
it like that
a I got a lot of flak for the art of
seduction because
people say I don't want to think oh
seduction in love and romance
d romanticize it well it's not quite
like that
you know learning to court and seduce
someone
good at I
skip outta this mindset that you just
have to be who you are its up
but of I can use the word please go put
some fucking nerve
the pic
that you just have to be who you are you
can be who you are when you're home
not always either when you when the door
closes but when you're here in your
office to reroute the work would you
can't be who you are
because it doesn't work very well you're
playing a role
you're being the good worker et cetera
well it's also a skill
in how to learn how to deal with people
understand their mindsets over to skill
you've got a practice it and even go to
practice it you gotta put in
hours so everyday you gonna give
yourself a goal
it's very easy for me to tell you to
turn off that and Terry
internal monologue because even as i'm
saying it you're still going through it
alright I'm gonna sit here now for an
our
I'm gonna make myself not have a single
for I'm gonna
absorb myself in when I'm meeting with
Tom
I'm gonna completely shut that I'm gonna
sit there and observe
I'm gonna take away three things that I
have not observed before
about Tom okay that's my goal you got it
baby steps you can suddenly become then
gym in Franklin overnight
okay now I i'm I'm and meeting Tom in
our everyday
today I'm gonna sit here among gonna
listen to myself
I'm gonna pick up three things that I
had never observed from Tom before
for instance he always tends to sit like
this when he's
really interested in something with that
mean okay
those are the kind of steps where you're
basically stopping that monologue
immersing yourself in the other person
trying to come away with three things
four things using your mirror neurons
which I discuss a lot in there you
your natural empathy and then the most
important thing of all
gray I learned that Tom likes to sit
like that but what does that mean
it probably means something when you're
not there with them
because if you do that when you're with
them you you can't be in the moment when
does that say about Tom
well he's very relaxed okay now you're
your your observing and then your
analyzing them
you do that you
you make a skill you you decide you can
observe new things every day from the
same people that you deal with
and you analyze it you're already on the
way
while so in in your book
mastery no you going to great detail
about what it actually takes to acquire
skills really phenomenal
guys you know the reason that it's on
the list is for some these examples
the one I'd like you to talk about now I
so that you understand
how many things you can get your way and
I wanna bring everything back 27
beginning
know thyself right understand yourself
that's step one if you don't understand
yourself if you don't
really embody the da Vinci quote about
the greatest forms master his mastery
over oneself
if you don't embody that you're in real
trouble and the reason is gonna stop you
from seeing opportunities to learn
so in your book you go on a unfortunate
forget the guys name but he went into
the Amazon any tried to learn that it on
our language
than you'll ever you talk to us a little
bit about that in in
for England what and how his feeling of
superiority
I'll became a learning disability just a
bit is why
our children able to learn so quickly
can't so for instance he was sent to
this
tribe in Brazil as a missionary
to translate the Bible into their
language the language called the pita ha
it's been recognized as an no westerner
has been able to crack this language
it's so
weird and he went there he goes but the
children can speak it
two year old kids are learning how to
speak P haha
why can't I wire children able to learn
and and in the adult can the reason is
children don't think that their superior
they don't think that they are ready to
understand the world
there the small their week their
defenseless
they have to learn or they're gonna die
they have to learn how to speak the
language they have to learn
how what but going on with their parents
or their literally gonna died
and when we were children our minds were
completely open we were sponges for
knowledge
because we never had the sensor 0 I am
great
I know everything about the universe I
know
republicans or the democrats are good or
evil eye I understand at all I'm
wonderful
that feeling of superiority it sneaks
into you
as you get older and it stops you from
learning because you don't think you
whereas a child begins with them I am
week
I am defenseless I'm inferior and I have
to learn
you apply that to what I was talking
about and social intelligence
or to working here at your office Wii U
are literally in the position of a child
you don't know
what you need to know and you have to be
a sponge and you have to observe things
that you had been observing before
yeah it's really arm it's fascinating
how many of the assumptions that you
make
are going to either hold you back or
pushing forward
in I so I had the good fortune of
following a
a relatively straightforward example the
mentorship from your book
that was I met guys that way ahead of me
and I just had no problem submitting
myself to them
and and truly it there is snow sons have
los amigo anything I was so hungry for
what they knew
night that I was a hacer I'm in a city
your feet like a student and I'm in a
drinking as much knowledge as I can but
then as you begin to acquire the
knowledge in this is where it gets
dangerous
new skills they work you feel more
powerful
and all the sudden you run the risk %uh
not thinking like a student anymore not
being willing to subjugate yourself to
that
this may seem like a great example but I
when we started here manufacturing by
that point I have my feet under me be
running a business for enough years ago
knew what I was doing but I knew
at really visceral level the danger
love not being a student in all things
and and being stupid enough to think
um and quote I read the book has stuck
with me forever as a genius is a young
man's game
that scared me right because I don't
want that to be true I don't want any
day of my life they get older to be less
valuable
permits it doesn't have to be a young
man's game
but its basically geniuses young men
seem typically because you start
novel connections like you talked about
so if you can keep your mind open if you
can be a student in all things
if you're never afraid to be inferior if
you're not afraid to approach
the language in an in the story in the
book about the beer I have
on that you give he it's finally when he
realizes that
on I have to go hunting with a right
like I need to go out and
really experienced their life and then
suddenly he truly was at their mercy if
they don't take care man he would I is
lost and there's
and was in the jungle that will happily
him yeah so and in that funny realizes
that he's got this morning
of my favorite stories to remind myself
something the toilet overflowed there's
literal
human feces on the floor and you're out
there right now at this moment like a
I who's gonna pick Matt up I
and to remind myself that at all times
you have to be willing to
went 4-10 and yeah picked it up now for
sure and that became
hey that became cultural
student of things that's what it means
to not be afraid to take that
yep that the seat at the bottom but it
opens you up to just massive
degrees knowledge so do you have tricks
that you use for insuring their genius
over time
you know what it is it's actually I
don't if I recommend it because it's
kinda erotic
um but it works basically
on I feel like no its not gonna sell as
well as the last book
I'm losing it I gotta go back to square
one
I can't rest on my laurels I can't just
turn out a book
I really gotta grind it out
I gotta do more research I gotta think
harder and actually there's some
there's a wisdom behind it which is
each project each thing that you do in
life
feeling in the got like oh I don't know
if I'm gonna be able to pull it off
I don't know if I can go 12 rounds with
Floyd Mayweather this time I don't know
it
I'm back to where I was in the beginning
you know
you gotta feel a little better that
nervousness and that excitement
and that sense a I've got to build it
now and its you're starting from zero
and that's sort of how I how how I
approach it and I think that keeps that
freshen I also try never to do the same
book twice its everything has to be a
different feel a different subject
structure a little differently so it
keep everything fresh
you know this the secret really to
success in life
I have to say is retaining II
I talk about the master is retaining
your child like qualities
I'm if you completely a child that's not
gonna work
you how do you do it know what
specifically me say child like all these
but not all of them
have things like that you that pic you
you wanting to keep that open this in
mind and that curiosity in that sense of
wonder
knock that thing out if your brain that
you think you know
what the universe is like that you
understand the galaxies and what's going
on you really don't have any idea
you need to get back that sense above
wonder
and excitement and openness and
flexibility of mine
if thats all that you have you just
going to be a child in children don't
make anything they don't
invent a you know an iPhone and children
don't
right like create a movie you're just be
like a child now you have to have your
skill your talent and all that but if
you're able
to maintain a fluid minor I call it
unit
called synth mastery a yoga for the mind
how do you literally stretch your mind
so it becomes
as flexible as you know so you can do a
Down Dog mentally
and if you don't look follow anything
else and mastery that would be enough
negative capability is comes from the
great poet John Keats
the 19th century he was trying to
understand why shakespeare was so
creative and
and he decided that he had negative
capability and it's basically
the ability to keep to ideas that
contradict each other in your mind with
out feeling uncomfortable without having
to come to a conclusion
you can think about something with out
rushing to judgment a conclusion
you can be in the moment you can say
well it could be this it could be that
could be there
your open to adopting three or four
different viewpoints
for instance argues too quick example
writing a book on human nature and this
to opposing views on human nature one is
it has never changed
we are sick who we are ten million years
ago or
a 500,000 years ago and the other is
human nature
is culturally it constantly evolves now
I happened to be at the school that
human nature hasn't changed but I am
completely open to the other
idea and I'm reading books apps from the
other idea and I'm incorporating ideas
from outside because its own
it has definitely legitimate components
and arguments to be made
so that's how I'm keeping myself from
being rigidly
stamped with this one simple idea
because nothing in life is simple
wears black and white everything is is
nuanced yeah I love that your books that
really comes out everything in
when you read the 48 laws and then you
and every chapter by saying and now
think this in the complete opposite way
a
ending the book by saying I forget
everything I've said you have to I think
mourns member here
schorr and there they're incredibly
powerful and and I was saying to him
the usability other range that's what
are being on the show is all people
they're giving you things are
actually use will even go home and you
can do his forms and meditation you can
go home and you can start learning
how to read people and then not at the
moment analyze about analyzing when you
all there usable and they will have an
impact in on those eyes on the back to
something that you said
a few minutes ago and you were talking
about capturing that childlike state and
finding enthusiasm
you've got a really awesome quotes a
scene from a paraphrase a very pretty
close
I not building your life around passion
is a recipe for disaster in pain
something like that um but then cuz
a lot of people say that right like I
gotta love life passion blah blah blah
but you take it to the next step in its
utterly fascinating which is if you
family
you have people say you know live your
passion for liza cliches
and nobody changes their life based on
the cliche
you know you've got to do hard work and
to do hard work you have to have a
roadmap somebody has to show you
until you know I'm trying it a really
really really want to help people I
really want them
to become entrepreneurs but I think
working for yourself
starting your own company doing what you
love should be everybody's cool
okay how do you really help people to
say follow your passion this is so
the there's a process the process begins
buy furs knowing what you really love
and believe me I do a lot of consulting
a lot people have no self awareness
there don't even really know what it is
that they were meant to do in life
they loved music when they were a kid
but then they got in the law
or whatever because their parents and
then they don't know who they are and
the more 12 I really like music
you gotta go through that process first
%uh figuring out what it is that really
but still excites you once you go
through that and you understand it
you've got some
clarity about it okay how do I
incorporate that in my life
you colors primal inclinations right yes
and everybody has them
I talk about all the geniuses in history
who demonstrated this
I'm stein with the compass Steve Jobs
when he's five years old
walks by an electronic store with his
dad in some legal all
look at those gadgets those weird
gadgets oh that's so exciting
p really great geniuses in creative
people have those moments when they're
56 years old
and you probably did but you not
remembering them anyway
connecting with their primal part of
yourself and then
actually doing something practical and
that's the real
trick in life so if you're 23 years old
it's a little easier I love music but I
I'm not a musician because I not been
practicing I just love music
but I apt I'm have a real good sense a
business I've been
a et cetera okay I've got in now find a
way to craft a career
that combines my knowledge um business
and my love music and add if I follow
that and I
more business than music will end up
becoming more creative as I get better
and better at it
you gotta figure out how you can take
your experience
and spin move in a different direction a
Mb practical and take small steps and
still feed
my family but pursue something that I
love and the reason is
if you don't do this you're gonna end up
in deep shit
because you're gonna turn forty years
old you going to be a job that you hate
you gonna be really depressed you gonna
be at an age where you don't have the
energy to make a big change and you're
going to be screwed in particularly in
the world today
with things are moving so quickly and
there's so many dead in careers
you've gotta be light on your feet
you've gotta be
I think have an entrepreneurial spirit
you don't want to be at that point so it
is life and death you're not thinking
about right now is life and death
but it is been really is you've got a
cool quote
arm the pain inborn we experience in the
initial stages and learning a skill
strengthens our mind
yeah how do you prepare somebody to
survive that initial stage of boredom in
pain
well pain is great you've got to embrace
pain pain is pleasure
you gotta make the connection between
the physical and the mental
when you work out it's painful
I a I do long distance swimming is Mike
my main
workout I'll to do other things but
that's my main work a I'm I'm on like
mile one and I'm like a hot
this is fine I'm so bored and midsole
I'm really gonna collapse but when I'm
finished
and it feels so good and I pushed past
it we you know that when you're
exercising
when you're running are you working out
whatever it hurts
mental things and if you make that could
that switch in your mind it is
mind-blowing what can happen to you
and you're able to say to yourself while
I'm gonna master this bit of coding a
after a few months and just think I've
what it's gonna
allow me to do okay so the boredom now
is actually not so bad
because I can imagine the powers that
it's gonna lead to
but I'm thinking love all of that that
post-workout feeling I'm gonna have
you've got to be able to understand
embrace pain
pain is something to embrace if there's
no resistance to you
who are the most messed up people in the
world
who have a rich father or mother and
they don't have to work or try
they are the most messed up people ever
meet are you reading a book on human
why is that true because they have no
limits they have no resistance
don't have to push against anything
there have to go like that
its 10 the laws of human nature the war
10 the laws is about but I call
necessity
we are animals up necessity
if our life is on the line that's how we
were at how we're genetically primed
from several million years ago and when
there's no necessity when we don't have
to do something
we just lie around and watch television
and smoke pot
within if there's nothing holding you
resisting it you have to push against
you just turn into flap that is
so incredibly powerful and I hope that
that's a chapter in your book some
desperate to reset United
you know Peter Diamandis by any chance X
PRIZE yes
a he he has Peters laws and one of his
losses when faced with out a challenge
create one
love very much
and im immediately going to adopt with
my repertoire hope that's okay
by a full credit to rob you don't even
have to credit I am
that really sheds new light on
why that would be so powerful to create
a obstacle difficulty necessity when
it's up Ryan talks but that overall book
on
the obstacles the way you know now um
for its just is just very it's very
powerful
I you know I i have in my my war book
i've a chapter on the death ground
strategy
I think it's 10 more important chapters
in a book
and the idea is comes from Sun thru a
and when you put in army on death ground
it fights three times is hard and what
his death ground that ground is let's
say
urine army I and you're fighting on the
beach
and if is the enemy pushes you back you
all drown
okay you gotta fight twice as hard
because you're gonna die
well where the same way will we have to
do something
we work three times harder and I had an
experience with that with mastery
where on I was really late in finishing
the book
and I had two chapters left the two
longest hardest chapters in the
you have eleven weeks to finish those
two chapters or we're canceling your
book all
because you're so late that was death
ground cuz I
but I don't have I can't do in 11 weeks
well I did it
while I will I worked I just found the
energy
so when you're put in that the system
jewish necessity you were
underground on purpose that's the trick
in life you've talked about that before
and you drive really fascinating
conclusion which is our
there's a quote the depth of our
learning is tied to the depth of our
focus
will I i know for instance like just
give an example love how to do that
a thomas edison was a great believer in
and thomas hasn't won the greatest
entrepreneurs that ever lived and what
he would do
is for instance he would talk about a
project
and that meant his reputation was now on
the line
love in Thane work to actually figure
out what you just pull out to the press
suddenly doesn't do anything
if it it put him under ground alright I
talked about it now I have to do it they
just need to
as a great example alright I before we
get on your Twitter feed which I really
wanna spend some time on
anyone concept from one of your books
for your upcoming book the thing that
they should just put in their mind and
let that be a see the grows into
something
again that to well the you know the idea
I'll just give it a little more flesh
is is the i do. self-awareness so the
skin giving Adam
each person I make this planet mastery
is born unique
and its kinda click one of cliches yeah
but there's
will is never been will never be
repeated the way your brain is wired
will never be repeated
your experiences in life you're one of a
kind
that have lived
and the the problem in life is as you
get older you could become more
and more like other people you spend a
lot of your time
thinking about what other people like
and you don't you not aware
what you like you go into careers
because you listen to other people
and you don't you not in tune with
something really special and I like to
there's something weird about you that
could be bad but it can also be really
you know um and you're not mining that
weirdness
you're letting it go you're becoming a
copy of other people
and if you can take a step back and say
what is the goal when the goal is when
I'm forty-years-old
or 35 or whatever I'm gonna create a
business
that reflects me and my strangeness
and Who I am um that's what you want to
come to but you're not going to get
there unless you're
aware of it and embrace what makes it
different
doesn't mean you as I said before that
you not practical
all the brilliant people have succeeded
in life you look at a Steve Jobs look at
et cetera there's nobody else out there
like them
that you never gonna be able to pinpoint
one other person like them they are
completely unique and out those the
people
that end up having power in the world so
if you're gonna able to create that
whatever it is that startup that is
different that has its own niche
and reflects you something good will
happen from
I was like to tell people the moment I
fell in love with them
the moment I fell in love with you my
biggest frustration in life
is vary very powerful words
become trite and cliche overtime to get
people don't get to the real meaning
behind them
yeah I am which in fact one of your
favor cause an issue clubs doesn't kill
near I you find a way
to go beyond the cliche to something
that's
that's a true insight and reference
the art of seduction you say to truly be
interesting to your
victim to use your words I you
you need to be contradictory you need to
reveal or hint at
I'm some internal contradiction in
yourself and and so here we have this
guy
who is writing about power and
just uncovering at the cold hard truths
about it
and yet that person who I would expect
to I'm laugh at the cliche if you're a
beautiful unique snowflake
I spends a lot of time very eloquently
explaining to people the importance of
recognizing that you're beautiful and
unique snowflake Mb
and then goes on to explain why that's
meaningful I love that about you know
then you really was something that drew
me into your universe I don't think you
are
I've never heard that express that we're
throwing knife measure thank you
call now to the Twitter feed okay boys
and girls have you are not already
ass Robert Green on Twitter you should
be and he's got just the
an amazing feat he throwing out ideas
from his books religiously
they are called to be just the cream of
the crop every one of them is impactful
there's not a wasted letter in his feeds
well worth checking out I wanna go
through some other than that a
in these are just the recent ones in
this stuff is is going on all day every
day
I and just have you comment on them so
them
it's a great military strategy
a comes from the the great colonel Boyd
who invented the with notice that woulda
luper you from a with a good a loop
I am NOT well if the military concept in
the it to
one of the great modern strategists of
all time and
being a fighter pilot is not like
anything else in life
because you have to make decisions in
microseconds
or you're dead and you have to
strategize in microseconds
and he came up with the hutu loop which
means 'em
Korean tation observation decision
corriente yourself into the
context of it decide what you need to do
and act and people whose
Hooda lubes been disrupted they can't
observe the kampung corriente themselves
lose contact with reality and you lose
contact with reality in one second and
you're a dead fighter pilot
so the job is to control the other
fighter pilots perception of reality
that they make it mistake you can get on
their tail
and you can kill them and so
in military terms if you can't change
what how people perceive reality and
make them
think they see what they don't see
you've got power over them
well that applies to advertising it
applies to
political campaigns on if you can set
your enemy on a red herring and make
important but it is an important you
have power over them
your contact with reality is yours
is your power in life and if you lose it
you're in trouble and that's what that's
about
I'll alright the only real ending his
death
everything else is a transition my life
is forever
a an example about um in that
a I was kinda firm a loser
until I was about 35 36 years old is the
queen my parents I
in that I am I wondered through life
trying different jobs
I did construction work in Greece I was
a
tour operator in Dublin I a
with a teacher English in Barcelona I
rode
screenplays and I had him fifty
different jobs and then my parents room
I like what what
what they would you gonna do in life you
know week he this is ridiculous
and then I met this man who was a book
packager
and he asked me for an idea for a book
so what you got to do that but the point
the moral of my story was
all those weird transitions and things
that didn't mean anything
all those awful of all bosses I had
work for all those terrible jobs
I wanted for a private detective agency
out in Pasadena
for a while the most depressing job I've
ever had in my life
hollywood these asshole directors
I could draw upon all of this weirdness
and then all the books that I dread on
history and create the 48 laws of power
so there were no
deaths there they were just transitions
I think that's her
I love is exactly what I meant I
superiority is not a function natural
talent or privilege
one believe that there are shortcuts to
success we want to believe we can take a
drug
or we can do something that'll make it
quicken
easy but the truth is it takes grit
it takes persistence it's the people
like
thomas edison who had no education came
from
very poor background um who really end
up making it in life because they are
persisted in a
don't settle love for for anything
remotely mediocre that's what ends up
making you get ahead in in the world and
it tho
it's really democratic and that's what's
so great about it
and that's what's so great about the
world that we live in we live in a time
where things
are not purely democratic don't get me
wrong but they are much more democratic
and they were in the past a meritocracy
it's not about if you went to Yale or or
and and you have the material to get
there and one less thing I'll say on
that is awesome
one of the people I interviewed for a
mastery Paul Graham
a who has the company called Y
Combinator in Silicon Valley
which is a sort of a a training school
for people who want to create a startup
he said that the the he kept there is no
correlation
between where people went to university
and their success that yet we're comin
there's zero correlation
whether you went to Yale or you went to
Dallas Community College
there's equal chance that you will be
successful I
father was an amazing thing to hear and
he's seen that
in action with tens of thousands of
people RI and then last one in this one
is
I most important to me you talk about
earlier talked about using fear
to get you in the place we working hard
enough to really do great work
and this is something that haunts my
every waking moment
a venturi the time that was not spent on
learning skills will catch up with you
and the fall will be painful you know it
you know it's hard to
in the moment to understand
what that means because in the moment
you can say well
I've got a job in I'm alive and you know
I
I feel pretty good so it's hard to
understand what could happen to you in
10 years
in a visceral cut way what it means
to have failed in life a and
to me failure in life is not not having
money
its not realizing your potential you're
sixty years old and he said I could have
been this
and I never did that's like the worst
thought I think anybody
can have and you don't think about it in
the moment because your life is OK
but you gotta wake up and understand
that there's an urgency here
don't have a path of
toward something better your own rotting
on the vine and and that day of
reckoning will come
at some point and it will be painful you
not gonna feel it suddenly though beam
slow but it'll come and it won't be good
on and it doesn't mean like every day
has to be a grind and has to be
awful oftentimes if you're in a bad job
just being aware that you now have a
plan
is enough to lift you out of that
depression okay I'm working a burger
king
but I know I wanna get to this community
college and get a degree here
after I save enough money having a goal
from being depressed or not taking care
of yourself
to being energized and moving in the
right
right direction so you don't think
there's a day of reckoning but it's
piling up
there yeah that that to me is is
so critical and i've talked endlessly
about it but for me it it really is how
many skills can you acquire how many
interesting connections can be made
well we live in a world of a skill
economy
were people with actual general would
genuine skills are going to be the ones
that moved to
the planted in the future and it doesn't
mean one skill it means
said have skills that you combine in a
unique way and that the world is so open
to that now
your start starting off quest is a prime
example
i mean you could probably talk about
that better than I can but your
screenwriting
your other failure the things you've
accumulated you can now you'd create
skills you've accumulated had
interesting I have never
put it together my own mind that's a
singly but you're absolutely right
Robert thank you so much for being on
the show you that I can't imagine the
degree a personal pleasure that i've
done at the South thank you
we are only beginning to scratch the
surface
this man's work he's got a saloon
amazing books you'll want to read them
all
mastery even the stuff we talked about
here today is a wealth of information
you gonna go here about Temple Grandin
amazing stories there about how Henry
Ford turned massive repeated
failures into the empire that he did
much more about benjamin Franklin
going from failed boxer to the
read it apply it and it will put you on
a path to your own mastery
Robert again thank you so much if you're
not following him work we find other
than Twitter we know you're at Robert
Green
where else to view the video it up our
selection were dot com
power said duction and war dot com the
greatest URL all time
yeah I'm signing up today
I so thank you so much for coming we
will be eagerly anticipating your book
if we can serve you in any way in the
creation of that book we will be human
foot stools if that's what it takes to
bring this book in the world whatever
you name you bring me coffee in for
if you think I'm kidding okay regularly
drafter that bus driver there's not a
lot I can do
okay thank you thank you for bringing
their work in the world and thanks for
being on the show
thank you I in I guys
this no weekly show so if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe
there you can also find us at inside
quest dot com we've got all kinds extras
from the show
a blog posting all kinds a great stuff
so be sure to go there to find things he
didn't see here today on the show
thanks for joining us and we'll see you
next time until then be greatly from
the
the next inside questions
mention that roughly one hour and people
are expert it later
books written about that about
the moment the overreach the moment they
do something wrong
up